in the world of funnel hackers and
everyone funneling hacking everybody
else's funnels and click funnels you
can't have the same funnel as everybody
else and expect to go out there and do
very well it's not how the game works
[Music]
hey guys sudbury subi here and in
today's video i'm going to be doing
something a little bit different i put a
call out onto instagram for people that
want me to review their funnels and
their ads and their offers for them and
that's exactly what we're going to do so
i am going to be ripping through diogo
esteemers funnel he has sent me through
his funnel for instagram secrets 2.0 so
let's dive straight on in
so as we arrive on your landing page
diogo the first thing that we're
obviously going to be looking at is your
headline how to grow your first 100k
followers and turn your instagram into a
money making machine
so i'm going to assume that you are
going to be running most of your traffic
to this landing page from facebook
there's a bunch of compliance issues
that you need to look at that i'll also
dive into when we're reviewing your
funnel but the first thing that we
really need to address before we even
dive into the headline is just the
overall aesthetics to the page
and how that's going to impact
consumption so you've got instagram
secrets 2.0 in the top left hand side of
the page then you've got warning due to
high demand we cannot guarantee the
special price of nine dollars after
september 9 2021. sign up today
otherwise you will have to purchase at
the normal price of ninety seven dollars
then you've got join now affiliates
contact login need help with your
contact details on the top right hand
side and you've got this little bar
moving get instant access now just nine
dollars unlock the most powerful growth
system on instagram
now the first thing that you need to
understand is that you you really need
to look at this from a consumption
standpoint and what i mean by that is
the number one thing that you need to be
optimizing for is consumption of the
information because if people aren't
consuming it it doesn't matter how
compelling it is it's not going to drive
that person to taking the step that you
want so straight out the gate i can see
that you're trying to sell me something
because the price is everywhere it's
joined the program and whatnot however
it is a very long form landing page and
when you're having an entry offer like a
nine dollar low ticket entry point you
really don't want to come straight out
the gate and
just have all this stuff going on and
trying to just tell them hey it's nine
dollars it's nine dollars it's nine
dollars whether it's nine dollars or
it's 97
you are going to have to work as hard
right and the thing with that is that
you're gonna have to get somebody to
consume the overall message therefore
the way that you do that is by making
the whole page of value and of
information regardless about just trying
to make an offer straight out the gate
so what i would do is i would be
removing
you know
due to high demand and all of that for
this kind of thing it's not a physical
product it's a digital course that
you're selling right so remove that then
remove all the join now affiliates
contact login all of those things just
center justify your logo and then you've
got this background image of like
obviously an aspirational like shaq in
the maldives or something like that
there and there's just a lot going on
right there's so many different moving
parts there's all these different font
weights and sizes um and typography and
i don't really know where my eye is to
kind of focus on that in saying that at
least the headline does pop off the page
so if we if we scroll further down the
page you know i'm going to have a look
at the whole page and then we're going
to scroll up and i'm going to kind of
give you some tips of how to tune this
puppy up
then you've got join now before the
price goes up 20 29 minutes the price is
going up this is a very sophisticated
market that you're talking to
like that's not going to work right it's
a digital product the price is not going
up in 29 minutes and if you're sending
cold traffic to this page i i and not
only is you know countdown timers aren't
compliant on facebook so you can't run
those and i just think that you're gonna
discredit yourself a lot by doing that
then what is the instagram secret 2.0 so
you're getting straight in
to what it is that you're selling in
your first panel of copy no no no no no
right you need to warm up there needs to
be romance again you're pushing for
consumption you're not pushing to sell
someone straight out the gate you need
to get them to buy in and start reading
your actual sales letter
then again lots of stuff going on here
you've got emojis there's different
color font sizes there's screenshots
there's so much going on and i'm not
adverse to doing screenshots like you
need lots of mountains of proof but
there's certainly a way to kind of go
about it then you've got students 3050
1 million 30 000 likes don't just take
our word for it listen to what students
have to say about the instagram secret
program so you're you're assuming on
this that i guess that i have watched
your seven minute vsl that's at the top
don't assume that if you look at your
play rate statistics like less than half
of people are going to be watching that
video if you are lucky so you can't just
get straight just go straight into the
middle of the pitch you've got to work
up you've got to get me reading the copy
to begin with and the whole page is just
like kind of a typical click funnel
template that everybody does jam pack
lots of proof lots of images on here
you've got the right hand column you've
got the left
bar column and realistically it doesn't
matter how good your sales copy is i am
never going to read it when it's just
like this explosion of graphics and copy
and font sizes and everything that's
going on right so you need to streamline
that you can't have that also that same
background image that you've got
it's just there's just so many
distractions it looks like you've done a
good job in terms of your your kind of
origin story and the photos there and
the shocking grabbing picture review of
i hit rock bottom
i don't doubt that the actual copy
behind it might be half decent
but i'm never going to consume it
because there's just way too much of it
and there's just way too much going on
for my eye to focus on what it is that
we're really looking at so again if we
and also you've done something where you
don't have the scroll bar on the page i
don't know if that's intentional if you
think that's good because people are not
going to be able to see how far they
have to scroll it's annoying right it
doesn't provide for a great user
experience and i believe that it would
be killing your conversions or you do
have it actually it's just blend in with
the background all right so we'll scroll
up here then if we also take your page
and we put it in to some predictive heat
mapping software we'll be able to see
like where the attention graph goes
right and where people's eyes are locked
to and what part of it on your page is
it that is really commanding most of the
attention predictive heat mapping
software it's not 100 accurate but they
do have lots like billions of page views
that they've looked at
and analyzed to kind of make the
decisions
that they're suggesting on here so let's
take a look okay so the first thing that
you can see here is
that most of the attention is kind of on
on your face or and also on the how it
works and then secondary is on your your
headline so ultimately we do want most
of the the concentration and attention
to be focused on your headline because
once you've written your headline that
is 80 cents on the dollar then if we
look across to the perception map this
is a little bit better so it does start
at the start of your headline which is
fine
and then if you go down further down the
page you know it's you can't see it on
this because it's just analyzing above
the fold but it will basically be
all of the attention dispersed on all
these different things and because
there's no central line of focus of what
it is that you're trying to get the user
to look at and i can't stress how
important this is right so it's much
better to have a very very clean looking
page that is very easy for your
prospects to consume the content then
having a really really busy page even if
you've got a great offer and great sales
copy on it because no one's going to
read it right and that's the the number
one rule is shooting for consumption so
that's the kind of from a design element
and then you also need to understand
that you know the market that you
operate in growing in an instagram
account i get probably 50 dms a day from
people saying that they can help me grow
my instagram account and make hundreds
of thousands of dollars for it sending
me videos to landing pages and via cells
and all stuff like that all using
clickfunnels templates and immediately
as soon as i click on those pages it's
you just turn off and bounce immediately
because it's the same page that i've
seen thousands of times right so you
also have to be aware of what other
people are doing in your market even
from a design standpoint and make sure
that you're doing something completely
different so when they arrive on that
page they're like okay this is new and
unique and exciting and it's something
like nothing like i've ever ever seen
before right because that's what people
are trying to do they're trying to put
you into a bucket and say that this is
doesn't apply to me or it's not worthy
of my attention and i will just continue
to keep on going and doing what i need
to do to continue the rest of my day and
then they're out and you've lost them
right so that's the thing to be aware of
in the world of funnel hackers and
everyone funnel hacking everybody else's
funnels and click funnels you can't have
the same funnel as everybody else and
expect to go out there and do very well
it's not how the game works okay that
stuff aside let's dive into your
messaging how to grow your first 100k
followers and turn your instagram into a
money making machine overall not a
horrible headline i think that you could
make it a little bit more specific how
long will it take me to get 100
followers how is this different from
everybody else that's also promised me
to grow my instagram account by a
hundred thousand followers right so
they're the things that you need to
again understand the level of
sophistication of your market how jaded
people are how many offers that they
come across every single day with people
making that same promise so the thing
that you really need to make sure that
you that you clarify in your headline is
that this is new and unique and
different from anything that they've
ever seen or heard about before and i
don't that doesn't come across in the
headline right so even if you had like a
you know a new way to grow your
instagram account by a hundred thousand
followers in the next 63 days and then
instead of saying turning your instagram
account into a money making machine
which again isn't a claim that you could
make on facebook is trying to think
about how can you even make that more
specific for them so what type of
clients do you work with is it mainly
ecom is it lead generation is it course
creators and then think about what are
the actual specifics that they want
right is it something where they're
going to be driving lots of sales or is
it leads and how do you make that claim
more specific
and a great way to kind of get around
making claims like this is just to talk
about it from the first person so you
can't say how to grow your instagram
account by a hundred thousand followers
and turn
um it into a money making machine
because that's a claim that is
unverifiable you can't back up that
claim with anything but what you could
say
is how i you know went from zero
followers to
and twenty two thousand again get more
specific 100k just doesn't sound real um
122 000 followers in 90 days and
generated 264
in revenue you can say that because it's
about yourself when you're making claims
to other people that's when you have to
be very very careful about the claims
that you make on most of these ad
platforms so that's the first thing that
i would look at now let's take a quick
look at your vsl that you've got here
hey my name is yogu and you probably
know me from my page millionaire process
and today i will show you how you can
grow your first 100 000 followers and
turn your instagram into a money making
machine because the thing is most people
think that to grow a following and make
money with instrument they need to be
beautiful they need to have their own
product and they need previous
experience and that's simply not the
truth and since you guys sent me so many
messages like this and like this right
now i will show you how but first let me
tell you what i do i'm an instagram
influencer an engineer and in a past
year i've worked with the biggest
influencers and brands all around the
world today i have a network over 1
million followers and i'm grateful that
i live the life of my dreams but it
wasn't always like that all right so
first of all love your energy you come
across well clear well spoken and
already we're only
43 seconds into the vsl and i've
uncovered some gold that you're not
using right so first of all you you're
saying that you've got a million
followers on instagram that's a lot more
compelling than a hundred thousand and
also that you're an engineer that's a
very unique angle right so i think that
you could really play on that of like
you know how you're an engineer and you
uncovered this secret method to
exploding instagram followers and then
you've also got some proof you said that
you've worked with big celebrities and
whatnot so you know i don't know what
arrangement that you have with them if
you can leverage and use their names but
like that is already a much more
powerful and specific hook than just
having how to grow your first 100k
followers on on instagram yes it's not
as achievable but it's a huge big
aspirational number saying like that you
know you're you're an engineer and
you've discovered this weird little hack
to do it there's more intrigue in there
that's going to lead to more consumption
that's helping celebrities and everyday
people explode their instagram following
in the next 30 days in the next 60 days
90 days whatever the specificity is add
that in there to make it even more real
and also more tangible that my crazy
story started three years ago when i hit
rock bottom okay i was a brook student
my girlfriend just broke up with me i
had an accident and i will never forget
the moment when i woke up on a hospital
bed and i really thought that i was
going to die that was the moment that
everything changed and i decided to take
all that negative that happened to
me into something positive okay so i
search for ways that could give me
freedom and money and that's when i
found that building a following is the
easiest and fastest way to make money
online from anywhere in the world with
the following you will be able to make
money from home with the following
you'll be able to make money while you
sleep because you only live once and yep
so i get it
the overall pitch is strong it's it's a
good value proposition however also
think about all the other available
options that people have to make money
online right whether it's crypto drop
shipping ecom consulting whatever it
might be you know you've also got to
cast stones at those other alternatives
and this would be a great opportunity to
kind of do that so realistically i think
the things that are going to give you
the biggest bumps
and the biggest performance upswings in
your overall funnel is just
changing up the headline to to do
something more along the lines of what
i've just told you remove all of that
navigation above the fold remove the
warning due to all high demand and and
all of that kind of stuff and just clean
up the overall look and like the overall
look of the page now another thing that
i would recommend trying is
getting rid of the actual
price and the cta above the fold and i
would have it as a button delay pop so
if your your vsl is a lot easier to
consume than the rest of your page and i
believe that if you just did this alone
you'd probably get a 30 to 40 uplifting
conversion rate is you removed
everything from above sorry below the
fold you remove the click here and join
for just nine dollars and you made the
headline a lot stronger and your vsl is
only seven minutes so find out at what
point of the vsl do you actually mention
your program and then have the button
pop below the video saying like you can
gain usually 97 you can gain access for
nine dollars now and then when the
button pops have all of the rest of the
information the rest of the page load
underneath that the biggest thing to
really split test on all of these is
gonna be
your price is sharp so i i'd say you
know you've probably done a bunch of you
know testing around your price point
that's obviously the biggest the
smallest hinge that's going to swing the
biggest door next is really going to be
the headline
and then you don't have a sub headline
as well i would recommend retuning up
the headline making a sub headline
putting the button below the video
making the vsl full screen you said at
the start of your vsl that they may know
you from your instagram page so i'm
assuming that's where you get most of
your traffic 100 of your traffic is
pretty much going to be on mobile then
so this whole two two column format is
not going to even work so you just want
to optimize it a lot for mobile which it
looks a bit better on mobile but it's
still way too messy and no one's going
to be consuming all of that look at your
time on page to justify the stuff that
that i am saying
i have lots of experience in running you
know low ticket entry offers at violent
scale so the stuff that i'm telling you
is based off millions and millions of
dollars worth of split testing so yeah
they're the changes that i would make
tighten up the headline change the sub
head delay the button pop put it below
the vsl make it show only the whole
thing
once somebody has you know gotten to the
part of your vsl to make them actually
know what your offer is right because
overall they're going to come to it and
they're going to be like oh awesome like
what's this weird new hack that this you
know broke student turned engineer has
used to grow over a million followers
and generate x amount of money in
however long the time frame is there's
so much intrigue around that that people
are going to watch the vsl to find out
how to get to that solution right and
they don't even know that you're going
to be selling anything from there
because you're not mentioning the nine
dollars straight out the gate so then
you're gonna get your consumption is
gonna go through the roof and the more
people that consume your sales message
if it's good the more people that are
going to buy so that one tweak alone
will get you a good uplift and then you
know that's the first thing that i would
test and then beyond that i would just
strip down the page to its bare
essentials black text on white
background you can use the proof but use
it in areas where you're stacking the
whole thing throughout the page like in
in one section or in multiple sections
at the page don't put it partnered right
next to the copy because it's just like
your area of focus is just diverted to
where is it that my eye should look and
those images alone aren't going to get
people to buy it's also educating them
around what it is that you've got to
offer go ahead make those changes and
let us know how you go hey guys if
you're enjoying these videos please like
subscribe and hit the bell button as
we're dropping a video like this every
other day on youtube and if you've got
any questions just leave a comment below
with
hey sudbury and i'll do my best to get
to it
[Music]
you